Hello, dear listener, and welcome to Startling Barbara Bain, the only Space 1999 commentary podcast.
Yeah, no, that's it.
That's the intro.
I'm Nathan.
Turn 74 degrees.
I'm Brendan.
I'm James, and I'm sitting on the biggest bomb man has ever made, allegedly.
As usual.
Um, so...
That's not a very nice way to describe space night.
All my future husband.
I was going to say we've seen the pictures.
I'll start.
We're there already Yeah.
So we're watching series one, episode one today.
It's breakaway.
It sets on, I want to say September the 13th, 1999.
Barbara Baines' actual birthday.
Her birthday.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Was it a Friday?
You know, it is actually, I watched this episode in order to do this podcast, but the previous time I watched, it was September 13th, 1999.
Oh, you nerd.
I know.
Well, I've watched it many times.
Can you tell us anything about this particular episode?
Huge amount.
I think you can.
Because it's kind of the bond finger you do when you're not doing a bond finger.
So, dear listener, and thank you for joining us all on Nathan's Odyssey, it was Nathan's idea, and we all thank him for it.
This, as we've said so many times, is the most expensive thing the UK had ever made in a serial format, which was typical for ITC, it had been the prisoner before this, and it had actually been Jerry and Sylvia Anderson series, such as Stingray, the very 1st colour film television series ever made in 1963.
Wow.
Yeah, so Sylvia and Jerry Anderson were the absolute breakaway.
Thank you. affects people.
And Sylvia, I was fortunate enough to actually meet, although not Tango with when I was 25.
And with a few other folk and she told us some lovely stories when she came to Sydney and gave a lecture at the powerhouse.
What a wonderful woman.
And I'm fortunate to be kind of friends with her daughter D online.
And so, you know, we, we've all kept in touch and this is, there was Doctor Who, but there was also Jerry and Sylvia and as little children before Doctor Who, there was Jerry and Sylvia Anderson, and that, I think, is why we're here, although I think Nathan and I were teensy bit older than other folks.
The reason this is special for Australia is that it was the most promoted TV series of not only 1975, but of the early 70s.
The 7 network in Australia paid more for this than any other television series.
Wow, okay. in colour broadcasting.
So we'd only had colour for a year and a bit.
But this was it.
And the promos that summer were every damn day.
It was huge.
Even as um, Abe Mandel in New York, uh, said, you're not showing me a TV show, you're showing me a movie.
This is a movie and it really was.
It was shot and on 35 mil.
It was staged, it was set up, it was designed, it was orchestrated, not just with the beautiful score of Barry Gray, but the entire pre-production, which went for more than a year, was film grade.
Yeah.
And speaking of great, Lou grade.
But we're also, should mention, hey, we should also mention UFO, which we've never covered before in the podcast, but this was going to be something called UFO 2.
Right.
Boogaloo?
Yeah, thank you, James.
And because CBS had premiered after 2 or 3 years of UFO being made with Mother Cumberbatch and a whole lot of other things.
Oh, okay, yes.
Yes, yes.
Um, and UFO is just still my favourite. was on CBS on Saturday nights at 7 p.m. before Mary Tyler Moore, Bob Newheart, all in the family.
It was huge.
It really did well.
And of course, it was right at the time of the Apollo missions.
So CBS wanted it.
Then, of course, Nixon fell out of favour, the Apollo missions fell out of favour and Abe Mandel rang Lou Graden said, look, we'll buy a series, but you cannot put anything on earth.
And Lou went, oh, I don't know how well that worked for Star Trek.
This was seen as the answer to Star Trek.
But I actually think it's not only very different.
Many people say, well, it is a completely different show, but series one was conceptualised as a nod to Stanley Kubrick, not just a nod and homage.
Sylvia told us a brilliant story of how she told Mr. Kubrick where to go, as only an English lady can because he took her to lunch one day and it turned out as she told us, he just wanted to steal my crew.
He didn't want any of my creative or Jerry's creative import.
He just wanted our people for 2001.
And it turned out he did take them.
Brian John Cock, who changed his name to Brian Johnson.
So if you're a fan of Thunderbirds, you'll have seen his name, and Nick Alder, or Nick Alder, are the chief designers of this show, and were fundamentally involved in the models and beautiful work for 2001, which is still, you know, many people say it's the namesake and the peace of the defining thing of space tech way before Star Wars.
Well, people at the time were actually saying this was better.
Yeah.
I mean, my memory of it is that when I was on school holidays at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
And this would have been a few years after Channel 7 1st showed it in primetime.
So that was 1975 when 1st shot.
Yeah, so I'm thinking I was probably 10 or 11 and it was on and I was absolutely enthralled by it.
And watching it again now.
It is incredible.
Like, I think it's an amazing, It's an amazing show.
I think I do think it probably falls apart and that's going to be part of the story that we tell over the next sort of 48 episodes.
Well, it is 40 years old now.
Yes.
That we passed September.
Some of us are 40 years old as we're still.
But I mean, this 1st episode is amazing.
Like, it's a beautiful piece of television.
It looks incredible.
Like I was sort of ready for this to be a sort of campy bit of vintage TV that I was going to rip the shit out of, but I'm genuinely, honestly in awe of how great this 1st episode is.
I was expecting the same thing.
So I watched it the other day.
I was blown away by how beautiful the cinematography and the costumes and the direction was.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I think it's amazing.
May I ask, how do we all sit with the heritage of viewing this?
We all know where we are with Doctor Who, but what is our history with watching this?
I've never seen it before.
And what about you, Brandon?
I've seen this episode many times because I've tried to start watching the series.
But it wasn't until the sadly now no longer with this network on air company, remastered the series for Blu-ray, that I sat down and watched the whole thing in order.
So I've seen everything from the series once.
Right.
Okay.
So there's going to be my 2nd viewing.
So it's sort of like Richard and Nathan, you obviously have the childhood experience of it and the adulthood experience of it.
Whereas I've got one experience of it and James has no experience of it.
It's interesting, isn't it?
Beyond beyond the sort of sci-fi cultural awareness that we have.
Wow.
The joy divisions are there.
Oh, Jane.
One of the funny things for me is it's my 1st experience of being horrifically disappointed by a show.
I thought you were a Doctor Who fan. a lot of the persuaders.
Well we have now.
But I remember how much I love series one, how much I loved Prentice Hancock, more of which later.
How much I love that mission control set, and how much I love the original uniforms that they wore.
And then when series, oh, and how much I love Barry Morse, Victor.
Oh my god.
John.
He's so great.
And then I would tune into series 2 too.
Oh my god.
Bigger than Myers in the series too.
But then I would the herpes eyebrows.
Oh my god.
But then we would tune into series 2 and the set was not there and Victor wasn't there and it's a little bit shit.
And I think there are still good episodes in series 2 and I think we'll still have fun.
But I do think that this shows story is a story of kind of decline, but it really starts from a magnificently superb place and it absolutely is doing the Kubrick thing.
I mean, there's a reason, there's a reason there's a date in the title.
You know, it's 1999 because of 2001.
And what we're about to watch right now is very, very much, you know, it owes a great deal to Kubrick's 2001.
I would like to add it also advances it.
Yeah, yeah.
It broadens it considerably.
And I would also hesitate to say in the most vanilla beige tone I can use, it expands on that emotional range.
And I do believe just like the set to design, just like Ludwig, Miz, Bandereau said very famously in 1930 something, less is more.
Yeah.
And I'm not just preempting what Barry Moore said and why he left. season one to Sylvia.
But more of that later. anyway, where are we?
All right.
So we're going to start going in a minute and I'm going to get Richard to press the button when I next say this important phrase, vanilla beige.
No, it's space medicine.
So the next time I say it, I want you to press play.
Do we do it on the spur or the sun?
The sun.
Yeah.
Don't let your sin go down.
It was going to be moustache because...
Barbara's...
Barbara's is matted out.
Yeah, no, no.
I was thinking both Prentice Hancock and Bob Matthias.
Oh, hello.
Sharp in take of Go, Bruce.
I know.
But I'm going to say that phrase in a minute, and I want you to press play, and I want all of the people at home to press play when I do that.
All right, space medicine.
Sim, and we're off.
This is a beautiful shot.
Balls in space.
Now, that does.
Have you noticed, turn 90 degrees on the opening of 2001 where you have thus that?
I just think this is absolutely stunning.
I love all the all the cross references.
It's actually Sweden in space, isn't it?
Everything's so white.
But I mean, look at this.
So we had a model and now we have like we have dirt.
We have dirt.
We have actual, it's full as earth and it costs a bomb.
Where are we?
We have Barry Morse.
Isn't that exciting?
The 1st star to be seen on the screen.
I'd never noticed that before.
Bad Bummer.
Yeah, St.
Barry Morse, who started his career working with this podcast's own Patrick McNee in Canadian.
Oh, wow.
They both produced together.
Bangs.
Vanilla bangs. look very much like her daughter.
Yeah, yes, it does look.
Yeah.
And Juliet also has her father's extremely generous mouth.
Juliet Romana, Drusilla Landau.
How beautiful.
Also, have you noticed that in a very Mengleese way they've matched the iris colour of the main's cast?
So, Parry Morse and Babs and, oh, there's the Steiner machine.
Okay, that was brand new for 1973 as an oscilloscope and it was not yet on the market.
You come to us for all of your techie nerd needs.
So what we've had, though.
We've had some incredible like miniatures.
Like the, like, look at this.
Holy crap, this is great.
And do you know who we are?
As an online 2001.
And homage again to the Pan Am Orion space shuttle.
But and suck it in, Marty, suck it in.
I do love that this is set in 1999, but looks like 1969's version of what 2001 looks like.
But I mean, that's what we want.
Vanilla Bage.
Keith Wilson, who I love forever, who was doing designs right from Four Feather Falls and XO 5, Stingray Thunderbirds, he designed most of what you're seeing here, and indeed, he redesigned the Moon City costumes.
But everything he designed was in Amber and Scarlet.
Wow.
Yeah.
And then the American said, no, it's got to look like 2001.
But it was at least, according to the design drawings, a lot more colourful.
I love the beige, though.
When I was a kid.
Like, in series 2, they all start wearing orange kagools over their outfits. as if to apologise for them.
I'm going to an outdoor festival.
But I love the beige.
And, you know, like it's that kind of thing when you're a kid.
You know, the fact that security has like a purple sleeve and Helena has a white one and all of that.
It's like the way that everyone's colour coded on Star Trek and it's wonderful.
So beautiful.
That was Roy DeTrice.
Yes.
Who is a famous person?
Do you know who his daughter was?
So he's got 2 daughters.
Michelle, Dorce, was Michael Crawford's wife, Betty and some mothers do have them.
Oh my god.
And his younger daughter was Jemima in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
So he actually read the Game of Thrones book really badly.
Really badly.
Okay, awesome.
Well, that's the thing.
I started listening to one a few years ago.
And he never settles on how to pronounce the character's name.
Right, okay.
And so it's Aria, Aria, Aria.
So, boys, this is the one and girls.
This is one of the last because we're gender nondiscriminate on this podcast.
This is one of the last sets you'll see that has Keith Wilson's colour palette in it of the amber and the red.
So he only got, Oh, hi.
It really does look like this is what they had before they had scrav.
I love it.
There's a lot of orange, orange here.
How are they doing this?
Kirby Wise and cranking the camera.
Yep.
So this is shot by Frank Watts, BSC, who was an absolute master of British cinema.
And again, as we've mentioned before on the podcast, if you care to listen to Bonfinger.
Most of the boys who were working, and they were mostly boys, working on this, and indeed all the other animals.
Oh, isn't it gorgeous?
Cut their teeth on the on the Barbie beach buggy.
No, cut their teeth on British war films, British war docos and films like the Damn Busters.
That is terrifying. pretty great.
And you're not talking about babs, are you?
Oh, here we go.
How startled are you?
So these opening credits are like the most important things that ever happened.
And that was the other thing about series 2 that disappointed me. is these credits and this music. like are just incredible.
And Jerry replaced Barry.
I'm gray. very sorry to say.
And he'd had Barry Gray's the 50s.
And Barry, and it was of course the Americans said, we want disco.
But honestly, how disco do you want?
That's right.
I mean, honestly, discos are conducted in small spaces and honestly, Barbara Baines eyes are so far apart.
I would need to get a space shuttle.
I do wonder.
Sylvia.
Hello.
Is there a production reason that Barry Morse's face doesn't appear in the opening titles until like episodes?
Yes, there is, and it was shot and New York rejected it.
I was going to say, he's not been included because he's not hot or famous enough, because of course, Landau and Bain, Mission Information.
Barry Morse, because we weren't around then, had been in some very big shows in the early 60s and was as big a star, if not bigger.
Martin and Barbara were, as Sylvia said, red hot from Mission Impossible, which was in its final season when this premiered in New York.
Okay.
Lee H.
Katson, director, more of him as the episode goes on.
But this stuff.
Look at these miniatures here.
God, this was so exciting.
That pink tunnel.
The big tunnel.
Barry Morse's passageway.
Barry Morse's pink tunnel was an alternative title for startling Barbara Bain.
But we realised it wouldn't work for series two.
No.
I loved Barry Morse when I was a kid.
And I think the reason is, like, partly he's got a very 70s look.
Like he's like a 50 something guy in the 70s with long hair and stuff, but he's the opposite of Spock.
You know, Spock is very logical and Barry Morse's character is so humane and so open-minded and so interesting.
Yeah, he's got the range.
He's really would actually say he has the emotional total range that supports the other two.
Yeah, it's a huge It's a huge loss to the show that he doesn't turn up in series too.
Is Lando always shot with like a key light on his eye.
How funny you should notice that.
If judicious viewers will notice.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah, I know. the podcast, Philip Maddock.
I've actually just written for Stacy Smith question mark in her new outside inbook.
Yeah.
The section on the Power of Kroll, which is a report from Philip Maddox character about how none of this would have happened if he was in command.
Oh my god.
This is Kroll with a budget.
Like, aren't they just wearing the same outfits in crawl?
Um, you know what?
Sort of flipped.
Yeah, because they're blue with white sleeves.
You're right.
I love this too.
I love the fact that John comes back and he knows people.
And, you know, one of the Star Trek things is one of the problems with Star Trek is that everyone's space people.
And so having him come back into a workplace like it's an office and everyone sort of greeting him and stuff, I really like it.
And I also like the fact later when the, when the, that wall pulls out and he's the captain, but he's behind a desk.
Like he's not military, he's sort of administrative or something.
There's something interesting about the whole kind of, it is reacting against Star Trek, isn't it?
Yeah.
And I mean, you know, at this point, Star Trek was in endless reruns and this was shot, I want to say, Richard in early 70 73.
Well, the shoot was meant to last for 2 weeks.
It went from September or so 1973 till January 74 because Lee H.
Katson shot everything as if it was a film and Zena Merton talks about them all cracking up on set because day five, day six, day seven, they would turn up for the shoot and it would still be act one, scene one, main mission.
Wow.
So you mean this episode.
Yeah.
They never went past this scene because Lee Katson, being a film director, and Jerry says forced upon them by ITC New York had made films and had success in the 60s in big films, but he shot things as if it was a motion picture series, shot everything from every angle and then you shot it again from every angle.
But it shows.
It's corset Wednesday.
Did you notice?
Do you know, I loved the com locks and when I was a child and we saw that shot just then where we have basically Helena holding the com lock up to the camera so that it can see, you know, Coney coming in.
Well, it can, you can see that it's a tiny little television.
Yeah, yeah, technology.
But I had a little TV like that when I was a kid.
Have you seen the physical prop version?
Oh, no.
With the big fat axial cable?
Oh, really?
And had to get it in there somehow.
And I believe there are some later episodes.
If it's sitting static.
They had a film projector.
Just off camera, just directly projecting into that bit.
Going back to what you were saying about Star Trek, Star Trek, of course, at this point was in reruns, it would be 5 or 6 years before the film comes along, and the film comes along and they're all in tan uniforms with a flash. of colour.
Everything's beige.
Very, very sedately shot.
Sedately shot, cerebral plot about the human condition.
Yeah, you know. much longer shoot, this original cut went for 2.5 hours.
Yeah.
But I mean, I think that doesn't it?
It is also like that Star Trek the motionless picture is also kind of 2001 as well.
Like, I think this obviously has an impact on it.
And holy crap, is this Beverly, but many, like 20 years earlier.
Are we ready to talk about new yours?
No, no, I mean, seriously, because as a child, we thought, I don't know, as young viewers and even Esther's Australians, we thought they were superb and watching it again.
I think there's plenty of variants and actually just enough.
These people are scientists and they're on a moon base.
It's very beige to start with.
I actually think her emotional display, both of them, are absolutely on par script.
Yeah.
Like we make fun of Barbara Bain in the title of this very podcast, but when I watched this episode, I thought she was actually really quite great.
And she is reserved and she's not a maniac.
Like, she doesn't overreact to anything. job.
Yeah, yeah.
And terrible things are happening.
And I think this is actually a...
And that's just John's course.
Well, that's right.
But I actually think there's something super weird about this.
Like, look how horrific that is.
That would have scared the shit out of us.
Yeah, yeah.
And the eyes, you know, like that's horrific.
Later, later with these characters where, and we're getting ahead of ourselves where they die.
Spoiler.
Just so...
Yeah, yeah.
It's dark.
And, you know, Barbara Bane, for instance, doesn't doesn't wail and gnash her teeth, but there is a look of there is a look of sorrow both as a scientist and as these men's friend.
She's like shot.
Yeah, she's not saying Mr. This, Mr. That.
You know, this ain't Eric.
Eric.
Actually, one of the things that I really like and that does differentiate this from Star.
Star Trek is that everyone calls everyone by their 1st name as well.
Like, it's like a workplace.
Speaking of which?
Oh, he is.
Australia's.
And cuddle, koala, Nick Tate, Nick Tate.
Not costume.
I hope this episode.
Gave up 2 other big episodes, went to an interview.
On the day, was asked to do a German accent, which he said he did very badly.
An Italian accent.
This was actually cast for an Italian actor, of whom Martin Lando had quiet discussions with Jerry and the producers and was no longer on the set.
Right.
But apparently, as Nick says, Martin didn't think I was cute enough to be a threat.
Yes, because yeah, we do have money from Italian broadcast.
Yeah, it's half.
So Ryan.
I thought it was that right.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, right.
Right, right, right.
It's half rate, which and it was meant to have an equal Italian and American cast.
Let's see how they.
And it does later.
Well, it actually was all the way through, but Lando would go into a screaming fit behind the scenes and more of that later.
Okay. completely cut a lot.
And the other reason this goes for so long is because of Mr. Lando and Mr. and Mrs. Bain.
But Nick Tate says of Katzen, who has a very bad rep at the time before this and from the, from the other actors, that he said, he championed me.
He recognised me.
He thought I was a talent and he was actually very decent, a very quiet man and very sensitive to what the actors were doing and was trying to get the nuance because as he said, there's nothing in this script.
We have to work on a subtle level that, and really make the film crank.
So if you'll notice Mr. Catson's work is all about the angle of the shot, focussing dead centre on the eye line is the centre of the screen and really asking the actors to do everything on a very subtle level.
And I think they're all doing it brilliantly, including Nick Tate.
Nick, the director of this episode, and only this episode is the reason that Nick Tate has a role in this show.
Because Sylvia said to him, who's ever heard of Australians in space?
And he went, get real, love.
Who's ever heard of English in space?
And she'd say, well, the problem is this.
Hello.
And then Sylvia said, and she told us this too.
She said, well, you all just sound cockney to me. to us.
And then he said, no, Australians will always tell you to Gan.
Translation. if you want to look it up.
And Sylvia sort of, well, actually, I kind of like, she said, I really liked his sort of bar and I really, I really thought he had talent and he had genuine presence and cats and had seen Nick and his dad, John, John Tate, was in a lot of things in the UK, including a voice artist uncredited on Thunderbirds, but they'd done, he'd done work for, um, he'd been in Sherlock Holmes, submarine X one, a man for all seasons.
I mean, Nick Nick had done a lot.
Dynasty?
No, not that one.
But, um, but again, here's Royal Tortrice.
But you notice that, again, they're doing proper TV Shakespeare. they're not doing too much.
Just enough.
I don't remember this being doll when it was seen.
I remember it being, you know, there were films like the French connection just before this.
The acting style at the time was intense, but don't overpitch it.
I want to know what's happening with Prentice Hancock and that woman before the camera to Prince Hancock tonight.
Hancock.
Yeah, no, I think it was inviting her to his room, I think.
Probably.
Prince Hancock is honestly the toilet roll dolly of the moon base.
I actually think he is weirdly hot.
And I've never said that before.
He is kind of pretty.
He's fluffy.
When are we doing weirdly hot?
I think we might be doing this right now.
I do remember in about 20 years ago when the internet was less than half its present size.
On a Doctor Who Forum, someone came up with the tagline, Prentice Hancock, the world still isn't ready.
I think he's really handsome in this.
And, you know, now that moustaches are back.
I know.
Yeah, I may shave down to one before I go on holiday.
We had walk in Phoenix in her and everyone thought, no.
Yes, exactly right.
And then...
Well, you know the alternate title for this series is, of course, Paul Morrow and tomorrow.
And of course for season two, we will be the day after Paul Morrow.
Yeah, no, he's not back for series 2, is he?
We have Christian Anne holds sad.
That's actually the subtitle.
Oh, Tony Ann.
Yeah, yeah.
What do we think of Barbara Landau as our leading man?
Oh, I think he's really good.
I think he Really?
Yeah, yeah, I think he is too.
Sylvia said, I never wanted him.
I wanted Robert Culp.
He was forced upon us.
He's got an arse that goes for days and he can't walk.
We miss her.
And as for her, all I did was nag me incessantly.
They wanted a private driver.
They wanted a groom for their dog.
They wanted.
They did play up.
Well, they're used to the American Hollywood system.
And of course, she said, we were filming this in Pinewood.
It's in the backwoods.
You know, we were getting buses.
Yeah, so this, yeah, this is the last of the colour sets and the only set that you'll see that was of the original...
Yeah, amber and red, yeah.
Right.
Yeah, that's the thing.
Wait, you get Doctor Who actresses of this time saying, so I was putting on my fake eyelashes on the tube on the way into the studio.
Barbara Landau was like, can we get a groom for the dog?
Is that David Tennant in that orange space?
Because he's two.
There's not enough teeth.
I like the boxy thing.
So again, this was all based on, is it Harry Poole?
Who was the, no, who was the designer for for 2001?
Because they did use some pretty heavy talent.
But honestly, it's all Keith Wilson designing the suits, designing pretty much what everything you're seeing here.
Again, who designed all the sets for Thunderbirds, Stingray, Captain Scarlet.
It's just so beautiful.
But it doesn't look anything like that stuff, does it?
No, I mean, he's so incredibly beautifully designed.
And that was the thing.
Just like everything is, you know, like of a piece.
Like it all works together.
I just think it's stunningly well done. and beautifully filmed as well.
And the slowness of the camera.
I'm really surprised.
Tell me what the new the ingenue believe, but I'm not feeling the action is slowed by the natural conversational pace of the film technique.
Yeah, not at all.
It is, it is stately, but human.
I was entranced when I was watching this.
I was sitting there just completely engrossed because it is just, it takes the time to, like, bounce its buns around the world.
Well, yes, yes, to bounce his buns around on Kirby wise.
It gives itself time to... expand the world we're in and build tension, perhaps.
Yeah, and build tension.
I mean there's not that much to it, is there?
Like, there's, like, the only kind of mystery is, you know, area one and area 2 and everyone's been, yeah, and I'm not, maybe there's a meta question too.
Yeah.
Because you know the premise of the series.
Well, it never goes anywhere, though.
That was the premise of the series.
So Meta, as for UFO 2, the series, if we haven't discussed the concept of shadow and that alien, alien incursions were coming to earth in the late 60s more than ever.
Project Blue Book, which was shut down in 68.
President Ford had promised when he was elected that he would reveal UFO truth and shut down on it.
So there was a, it was a very hot topic when UFO was um, started pre-production in 1969.
Let's bash everyone in.
This is why we love this.
Look at the security guy.
And here's our gun.
Here's our 1st shot of the gun, and again, when we were kids, those guns, the 4 things at the front that would shoot different things were hugely exciting.
And this is massively like it's slow.
It's stately, but this is a proper action thing.
Like look at that.
Tension.
I like that it's a natural algorithmic, you know, so I'm going to try to say analogue way of building tension.
Oh, cavier space.
Listeners to our other podcasts, flight through entirety, maximum power bond finger, Jody Interterran, entitled Star Trek Project, will know that I work in television.
And I was just going to say, 10 years ago when I started working in television, there was a rule.
And look, I work in reality.
I don't work in drama.
But there was a rule of do not hold a shot for longer than 4 seconds.
Yeah.
And the thing is now in reality, there is the thing of, no, if there is emotion.
If someone is feeling something, hold the shot.
Don't put in lots of unnecessary cuts.
That was another second, yeah.
Yeah, we're moving back to that, thankfully.
Nathan's other husband.
I thought you were going to say, lovely.
Back 10 years ago when I started in television and this episode had just begun.
When I was 30.
But yes, we have just seen Nathan's new Bob husband, Bob.
Yeah, he's super...
Yeah.
But, you know, like Spark, man.
Really?
Yeah.
Would later become a villain in the Mega Man series?
Yes.
Oh, really?
And a guest on South Park, yeah.
I think she's got sort of proper Lego hair, doesn't she?
She really longs at the top.
Yeah, Barbara Kelly is the voice for the computer if anyone's wandering.
She was a star of British TV in a show called What's My Line Forever in the UK and I think she might have been on the 2 Ronnies because who wasn't?
But are you not getting like, are you not getting the sense of some designer doing the Lettra set printout?
For the computer?
Of course, the animations are done like that.
You still have to be shot filmed.
Oh God, she's getting it right.
Yes, yeah.
That's the thing.
There's genuine emotion there, but also... where she presses the 3 buttons to kill a guy.
Yeah, he's dead, but he's still breathing and stuff and she presses the 3 buttons to kind of turn off live support.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was referring to earlier.
Yeah she's good.
Yeah, it's brutal.
They died?
I did.
It's all slightly, it's a little bit improbable, isn't it?
Like a whole bunch of people have died, but no one's mentioning that to anyone and it's not on the news because, well, maybe, maybe. a pandemic of radiation.
It is a technical base, but it's kind of like the ISS, but it's still military.
Yeah.
So it's interesting what you say, Richard, about Nick Tate sort of being a late edition in that he does do a couple of Star Trek in the 90s.
He does some final mission in next gen and honour among thieves in DS9.
And with the DS9 episode, he was a late recasting, the person they wanted suddenly called out and he came in, and this person was meant to become a new recurring character, and one of the producers just didn't like his performance, whereas Colmini, with whom he had all his scenes, absolutely loved him and wanted him to be in it more.
So it's interesting that that sort of happens to him twice on 2 big sci-fi genre shows because he just brings this groundedness to it and maybe it's the hearing the Australian accent in a major sci-fi show, which we don't even know.
The Australians in space is super rare.
Richard, the chair that Koenig was in.
Yes, Lynx has warmed it before he pressed his corsety bottom into it.
Yeah, and you'll never see ceramic cups on a moonbase that really annoyed me.
So do we need to talk about Uma?
I want to talk about the woman on the screen.
What is she doing?
She's always there.
Fuck knows.
It's Maureen Lippman.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Hungry Oh, here's Zenya Merton for the 1st time.
Bless her. accenting her little heart out and then because she's northern.
And then suddenly we've just got Space Nymph back.
But you notice there's a lot of Italian Mo action happening just a few feet away.
And that's just on Prentice Hancock.
No, no, the reason you see them together is that Martin insisted that he had more than 40% of every scene and was in every shot of the series and that she had 50% of his stuff.
So they're never far away from each other.
But honestly, at the time I thought it worked.
Yeah, yeah, I don't mind at all.
Holy crap, I love Xenia Merton.
Yes.
And Yasco is in this or is she?
No, not yet.
That was Freddie Freeburger saying you can't tell the difference between...
And that's actually what he said.
Okay.
And of course, come season 2, much like a lot of the season one supporting cast.
They did want to get rid of anymore.
It was actually Martin Landau and Barbara Bain who fought to keep her.
Right.
They, like they, they liked her and Paul Morrow and um, Clifton and and Bob appears briefly in season two, but they're like, okay, all right, yes, you need to recast some, but Zenya needs to stay.
And she only got a few gigs and they never told her when it would be.
Well, that was Freddy.
But she did also book other work in that time, thankfully.
But she's reliably bitter about it. in interviews.
Which is fair, you know.
I'm here for her, yeah.
Yeah.
Did you think she did the little Ping Cho dance, obviously?
When the whole thing was starting to blow up.
It is literally the worst thing about... only 10 years later, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But the worst thing about Marco Polo being missing is that we don't get to see Zenema and do the dance.
Come on, Queensland.
Incredibly full stomach.
This is amazing.
I mean this just looks incredible.
So these are all optical shots when you're seeing shots of the eagle and the moon.
It's just overlay one shot over another over another.
I mean, the thing about this, which is what we like about Star Trek as well, is that it's people doing their jobs well.
And so we have this huge crisis and they do come up with a solution to it, but it obviously doesn't work because, you know, the premise of the show requires it to fail.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But it's really great.
And all of this stuff, like when you're a kid, like there is enough character stuff to be interesting as an adult, but I do think that the hardware and the procedural stuff is hugely absorbing even now that I'm terribly old.
And I'm sure that that's what I wanted when I was a kid.
Do you think the makers of vengeance on Varos for?
But the thing is, isn't it incredible?
But years later, those models for vengeance on Varos are so much worse than what we get here.
But I think mainly because they're short on video, whereas this film and film adds weight and that's creepy.
But I also think that these are people who, you know, these producers are incredibly great at model work.
Yes.
You know.
And that's what Jerry specialised in. and he actually edited re-edited.
Like, look at that.
Holy fucking shit, you know.
And it was very, it was very Doctor Who.
This episode was a lot of standing about and speaking to each other in an actively manner.
So Jerry re-edited this in January 74 and brought in a lot more effects, shots, model shots, action shots, and fight scenes.
And I think we have to thank Joe. Isn't that?
look at that.
Yeah, we have to thank him to this day for the bang bits.
Yeah.
It was that shot.
I remember as a child.
Yeah, a lot of the urchins standing around talking corridors.
Yeah, well, we are Doctor Who fans.
It's just so beautiful.
It's so beige.
Hi, Bill.
Speaking of beautiful, he's Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Hi.
Oh, look at that moustache.
Finally, some depth of time. absolutely ride that.
He puts the Mo in moustache.
So I believe he's in all but 4 episodes of the 1st series.
Right.
And then he's in 2 or 3 of the 2nd series.
Does he get killed in war game?
I think he probably does.
I think everyone does I think basically everyone does.
I think I did.
Yeah, yeah.
Except Isla Blair.
Yeah, it's so great.
Who went on to do terrible things to the king's demons or was that something else?
No, no, no.
Yeah, she was King's Dean, she was.
Yeah.
And look.
Yes.
She is.
But we did get a little bit...
Italian man with a beard.
No, there's a lot of them in the background.
We do get a bit of bitchy.
We just got a bit of passive aggressive stuff between the 2 leads just now.
I think we almost called that episode of Maximum Power, Isle of Blaise Nipples.
Wow.
And then we thought better of it.
Yes, yes.
Nick is born in.
Sorry.
Nick Tate is born the same year as my mother in just a month apart.
So he, in 1942.
So he'd be 31 here.
And I think children, if you're living in Australia, this is the best indictment to not go outside...
Yeah, it looks like me and I'm 56.
See, I was going to say something interesting about age earlier with the blonde astronaut who gets the white eye thing and what have you?
Hey, he's pretty.
Because, you know, where we're in the 70s, we're about to enter the 80s, which is full of horror movies with 28-year-olds pretending they're 17.
Yeah.
And I have I have to wonder, like looking at 70s cinema 70s television.
A lot of people have haircuts that make them look 10 years older.
And I wonder if that just made people go, no, that's what teenagers look like.
But when you get to the 80s and people are cutting their hair shorter or putting more product in it.
No, they don't look like Luke Perry.
I just think it's like people had ill-advised hair in the 70s.
There is a lot made them look old.
Yeah, don't say that to Barry.
Barry Morse.
Barry Morse is actually outbanging Babs's.
Oh, no.
Barry Morse exudes sex, I reckon.
Like, I really properly do.
It may not be the sort of sex that you want.
But it's gonna happen.
But the hair is really unfortunate.
Like a space Uncle touch touch.
No, no.
No, what's the episode title?
I will say with Barry Morse, like another TV production TV sci-fi production that was on at this time was Jason of Star Command, which had Jonathan Harrison in the 1st season and Jimmy Dewan in the second.
But they had a sort of space professor who looked a lot like what Barry Morse ends up looking like here.
But I think what makes Victor's character work is he's only, like, he looks very eccentric, but he's only slightly eccentric.
He's not whacky.
You know what I mean?
He's just got a bit of humour to him, whereas there's always the temptation to have the nutty looking science man in sci-fi, but they make him into a rounded character.
I don't think he's nutty looking.
I think that is sort of like that's kind of 70s hair.
That's what people were doing.
But for me, this...
Thrust her out of it.
No, this is so great.
Holy shit.
And you're allowed to play with the Eagles now.
No, I'm doing it now.
So it's cool.
Kirby, I got stuck.
I want that.
I want those controls as well.
Like they're so great.
Like, I love the touchscreens on Star Trek the Next Generation.
But I want the little joist there.
Your one's a little joysticking on it.
I do have a question for the ingenue, as we call them.
Are you finding, as I did and still do, that the analogue effects, the physical effects are just much more tentative and real and more involving?
More immediate.
I don't, I find CG now, and it might be my age, a separative thing, as in strange new worlds.
I love Star Trek, Strange New Worlds, but I'm not engrossed with watching the screen with the effect shots as I am with this.
Dissociative.
I just think it's because and again, I just believe the brain recognises when something is physical.
Yeah, it's attached.
It's a reaction.
It's a real thing.
It's a model.
It's not.
You can see the connection between the 2 things.
I know that that's a hard plastic, hard thing that I want to caress and take into my very own little model space room.
Oh, that's also, boys, the one and only time we get to see the VIP equal pod.
Oh, okay, because this is Roy de Treece arriving on the...
So you notice the...
So you know, Roy DeTrice was in Game of Thrones.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's Dame Diana Rick.
You're right.
He was in it as well.
Yeah, he was actually.
Yes, sorry, that's what you were saying.
Yeah, no, yeah.
So he did read the books, but he also appeared in the show.
And, look, he's very good on screen.
I don't want to listen to anything he reads.
Tell Martin.
I want him to know what it was.
Because he's a 1000000 years old in 1970.
He is Wesley's father in angel.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
There we go.
Yeah.
I did.
I was going halfway through that sentence.
I was going to say, no, Jack Crusher was really hot.
Both of Wayland Smithers prices.
It's true.
Jack was...
Jack was very Futurama, though, wasn't he?
This is a very bad press on BBC Beard on ITV.
I am liking that the boy's hair just isn't right in any instance.
And yet it was a very experienced hair artist who had worked on... that's not his view, is it?
glued on.
Look, I can say...
Known enough men of the 70s.
It actually feels like the budget alternate universe, Kenny Everett.
It does.
Oh, my God.
That's what I was.
That's why he looks so familiar.
It's the wrong Captain Kremer.
Someone snuck down to Ealing from Pinewood and stole the press on beard.
It is best shots of the eagle.
Rainbow, rainbow tags on the sleeves, boys and God.
Yeah.
The one and only time you see the freighters so far as I remember.
Oh my goodness.
I love gorgeous.
So this is clever.
So the idea is that we have too much nuclear waste in area 2 and we're trying to scatter it.
And we kind of know, I guess, because we know the premise of the show that it's not going to work.
But all of this working together thing is really fun.
The thing is, I would say, though, like the experience of television, science fiction at this point is a status quo.
Like the enterprise never blows up.
Jason of Star Command is always victorious.
So the feeling of this is a bit like the 1st episode of Babylon 5.
They're going to save the space station.
They're gonna save the base.
So I think like if you hadn't read the radio times or TV guide, and please, listeners, correct me if I'm wrong, because obviously, much like James, I'm coming to this much later, I think you wouldn't necessarily have known unless you'd read up on it.
And so the ending would be genuinely shocking.
I think it's incredibly well structured because it's structured like they're going to win.
That's the point.
This is before good point.
This is before Spielberg and Lucas.
So even Lucas was making things like American graffiti and Spielberg had done duel and such like, but things were dark.
The premise was dark, we just had Watergate.
We'd had the oil crisis.
We'd had the 1974 sewers thing.
We knew things weren't great anymore.
Vietnam had discoloured American optimism to the point that this is at, oh, paused for pretty Paul Morrow faced.
But this was actually as optimistic as it got.
And this is kind of the last, this is also the only SF thing on at the time.
There was nothing else being made.
So all that stuff like Fantastic Voi Journey, Arc 2 for Sid and Mardy Croft, even that just wasn't around in this year.
I mean, this is pretty bleak.
Like, but it was still more positive than the other films that are being made at the time.
Yeah, like it's 1999 where using the nearest, uh, the nearest stellar body to offload our ways.
You know where that came from?
That was actually a program that NASA was investigating at this time. as in the future.
The shuttle was only a few years off.
It was meant to be pre-launched, test 76.
It's believable.
Yeah, no, Enterprise Shuttle was programmed for 76.
It was just with the changes and the Iran Conchra and all that.
No, I saw it in 79.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So, no, we were meant to have, if, and again, that they now say that, you know, this universe was based on the concept that JFK had put in, and if he had survived, and if Robert Kennedy had replaced him, all of this was on the cards of being absolutely legit.
Yeah, absolutely legit.
As an ISS by 1999.
What a world that would have been.
It is really bleak, though.
I think you're right.
If you want to see that.
Watch Pearl Mankind on Apple TV Plus.
Yeah, it's not jolly.
But it's very good.
Another thing I've read recently, this puts me in mind of is from the comic artist Adam Ellis.
I have him on Patreon, so this has been on his Patreon.
By the time we release this, it may be in general release.
He's just on a horror comic called Gospel of the Dead Moon, where something strikes the moon from space and the moon rotates.
So it's based on the concept that we never see the dark side of the moon, which is accurate, but the moon is an eye.
And it's not an egg.
Not an egg.
Or a space dragon.
Yeah.
First exploding eagle.
Yeah, but like look at their reaction.
Like immediately they go, no, we can't do this.
We have to return to base.
Like it's, it's, it's so great.
And it, like it, it works, it seems real.
It does.
Yep.
So how dead is everyone?
Like there's a lot of explosions here at this point.
I'm feeling it right now.
How many bottles have we had?
Maybe you should ask the cat.
So great.
I love this bit too.
This is the bit, of course.
Oh, wow. someone went through a window.
That's awesome.
Don't worry, it was just sugar glass.
And look, that could be the shop where we decide Uma's dead.
Oh, maybe he's dead.
That's it.
He's not just replaced by David.
He's not just sacked because everyone hates him.
I actually think that Barbara looks horrific in these scenes where she's been to the, look at this.
What?
Like, that's right up a nose.
Like, I think they're just all stoned.
Yeah, I think they probably are. like it's a big party.
They've all been Goonan.
There's no way that Victor's not stoned. for most of these.
We haven't talked about the meta planet and why that's there and what was going on.
Is this a good time?
So is the original idea that they're heading towards the meta planet?
Because it never goes anywhere.
I mean, that's how the episode ends.
The original idea is that the UFO aliens, as this, as this would to be go on, as this series would go on.
You know, the invasion to harvest organs, which is the premise of UFO.
Yeah, the Vedians.
Yes.
I'll be doing the UFO podcast.
Oh, actually, maybe.
But anyway, yeah, that the meta planet would be involved with that and would either be, you know, a cure or a crisis depending on how we saw it, but this planet was going to come within our orbit or is within our radius and the solar system.
And this is what, and it's such a shame that all of these storylines get cut out to cut this down to an hour.
I would have been really happy with a two-parter just to explain us off.
Well, we get a couple of throwaway lines of the planet meta, but it means nothing.
And I found that very frustrating when we watched this in 1999 after not having seen it for 10 or 12 years.
There's too much going on in this plot.
You don't need the extra bits.
And it's kind of a shame that they kept it in.
But I would have, 0 my goodness, that's great.
That's proper...
We would find out about meta.
I'm quite disappointed Yeah, and that's the thing.
I should have just left it out.
But there was a whole lot of other stuff.
We'll get onto that if you're interested. in the series.
But yeah.
Oh, gorgeous.
Look at that.
I mean, I think the series ends up having a very, very light premise.
And so having a destination.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It is just where it's the moon going from place to place having space adventures.
We haven't even mentioned the muff yet, have we?
Who's muff?
Did you not know about that?
So the writer's Bible quoted the MUF, which they all discussed.
Christopher Penfold was legitimate British SF writer that Sylvia and Jerry brought in or asked to be brought in because they weren't too happy with what was happening with this.
The mysterious unknown force.
Oh, okay.
Which is why we see a story arc that goes on through the season and and culminates in Testament of Arcadia, which is the final episode... as far as production, right?
And the 2nd last one, I think, in broadcast.
Yeah, but it was meant to be the last one.
And it makes sense.
Why?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The 3rd choice, the name of this podcast.
Yeah, it was.
Well, I mean, there is quite an old to New Testament arc in writing of this.
And Sylvia was, as the producer of this show, Jerry was exec, but Sylvia was creative producer of this show.
And she also acknowledged that she was trying to do proper literary British SF, which had a fantastic tradition with people like Christopher Priest's fugue for a darkening island that had come out, I think, the year before.
Again, Penn Christopher Penfold was writing great SF.
Britain was doing really interesting things at the time.
And I don't I don't feel that this doesn't reflect that.
I think it would be very interesting now with the creative teams we've sort of had with for all mankind, raised by wolves, foundation.
You know, there were moves 10 years ago. to do space 2099.
I think now might be the time.
Yeah, because they would they would do it well.
I mean, not that it's not done well, but they would they would really commit to it.
They would do story arcs.
They might decide we're going to jump 10 years in the future every season or something like that.
Yeah.
But it's a thing that it's more spiritual and more metaphysical.
And that's kind of what we lose in series 2 where it's just various rubber aliens, you know?
naming an alien planet after a borough.
Yeah, yeah. because Fred Freiburger drove past a street sign and no one could dissuade him that Luton was a shit name. that's true Yes.
Even Landau and Bain were like, no, we've been living here for 2 years.
That's a terrible idea.
And also you're putting us on trail for eating berries. name for an airport.
I think I had that bonds top with the different coloured arm.
Oh, here you go.
1999.
Here's some letracect for you, Richard. with correct apostrophes.
There's some really bad earning, though, isn't it?
You know what we need right now, boys?
I think I know what we all need.
We need, you ready?
Human decision required.
Human decision requirement.
Clayton Hickman has done a t-shirt.
Oh, I...
Human decision required.
Return to pub.
And there's Tanya Alexandria.
I'm Tanya Alexandria, chicken or beef.
See that moment earlier on when she said, when she done, the character didn't have a surname and this good, and the actress who's in almost all of it.
Just said, oh, someone slapped that bitch up.
Yeah.
So Roy DeTrice weirdly comes back in a show that has no actual kind of arcs or sequels or anything.
Suddenly Roy de Traces back.
Yeah, the character was in Moron was cut out.
It doesn't have a good time in Earth now.
It doesn't have a great time. any of them.
I love him enough.
Where has he been?
Because they're flying out of the earth's orbit.
He's got nowhere to go. far.
He's in nowhere to go.
He's in the chameleon cupboard.
I'm wondering whether Nick goes, actually, fuck it.
I'm going back to.
Yeah, I can see it from here.
Again.
Early days of weeks.
I'm jumping in my solar flyer.
Early days of internet for her.
I just remember someone's saying, you know who the stupidest person in science fiction is?
Alan Carter.
He's flying in his eagle.
He's in he's near enough to earth.
He sees the moon flying away, and what does he do?
Fly back to the fucking move.
Dickhead.
Yep.
There was.
Oh, absolutely.
There was talk later on about a space warp that was triggered by so the explosions were actually triggered by the planet Meta, which also generated a space warp because there wasn't a conventional explanation for how they get to develop. go quite a long way.
Yeah.
There is a space warp quite early though, isn't there?
There is, but again, that's planet Meta and...
Oh, I want that.
Meanwhile, on the news.
Who remembers copper art splashbacks?
Yes.
We're doing it now.
And yes.
What was his name, the announcer on sale of the century?
Oh, Tony Barber?
No, Pete.
Pete Smith.
Pete Smith, who also did the copper art ads.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
And Martin Malloy.
And one day, I'm Tony Martin and McMolloy sent him down to like Madam 2 swords when she was in when the exhibition was in Sydney and got to depose himself for 10 minutes so they'd scare some little old ladies.
And on radio, you just say, it's the sale of the century.
Do you know, the really weird thing is how incredibly connected we all are by 1999.
And the idea that these people like can't communicate with Earth at any point.
Like if you look at, you know, Avenue 5 where they're in constant contact with Earth, even though they've kind of flown in before, but that's so hilarious though.
But this, you know, like suddenly they're getting, you know, ITV news on the main mission thing.
And then that's it.
No one, like no one can contact them.
Again, it's cut out of the script.
So there is a spaceport that they're currently in, which is taking them away.
So they're already FTL.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So that, my Christian is, so is Alan Carter's eagle caught in the warp field.
Well, he is physically back now, because he's just given... over there.
I'm in my suit and I'm here.
So, like, he was, he was in the, in, like, the gravitational pull of the moon and being pulled back with them.
Yes.
I gather in I gather in the big finish reboot.
Simmons is given a bigger role as it does.
Have you heard?
No, I have.
I've listened to all of them.
Oh, really?
Are they?
They're not this, and it annoys me that they recast everyone and it's a bit fast and loose.
I really wanted them to sound like Barbara Bain.
You need to watch Bang, Bang, a boom.
Listen to bang, bang, a boom on being finished.
Um, I like this a lot, this Erratic bleeping.
It's got a lot of moist beige.
It does.
It just looks like...
Girl on girl, hot look action.
Well, I actually thought Paul Morrow was going to have a girl...
Uma.
Yeah.
Now, because girl mankind's ever made.
Now, what happened to Uma?
Because I didn't know about this.
Yeah, no, everyone hated him.
There was a big fight.
What happened?
I just believe that the it went on for too long and he took another job.
I haven't read anything about it.
We'll look it up for next episode.
I did I did do a little bit of sort of very shitty cursory research.
We suggested that everyone hated him.
And then they got David Carno, who is pretty great.
And, you know, operate the computer later.
We did also discuss earlier that if Martin Landau didn't, if you were a male cast member of Martin Landau didn't like it. you didn't last.
If you were too pretty, you were out the same day and he even managed to do that with major cast members appointed by RAI, who were funding half the bloody thing.
And again, Sylvia said, I never wanted them.
I wanted Robert Culp and the girl from Mod Squad.
Or she then said, no, she changed that and she wanted the girl who was in and she's gorgeous.
She was in, gosh, I haven't thought about this for 30 years.
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kids.
What's her name?
Catherine.
Didn't want to reach for the device?
Dela Neuve.
So do you remember the girl who's in?
I think she's also in the graduate and she marries Dustin Hoffman. and she's not Anne Bancroft because she's a naughty, naughty lady.
So not Anne Bancroft, who's only 6 years older than Dustin Hoffman in the film.
But yeah.
No I don't know.
But I think it's, I want to say Catherine Reynolds, but that's not who the actress is.
She only made 2 or 3 films.
Catherine Ross.
She's delightful and she only made 2 or 3 films.
And yes, if you want to look that up, dear listener.
So Robert Culp from I Spy was going to be Commander Kernig, and she said he's dashing, he's sexy and surprising.
You don't know what he's going to do next, and Catherine Ross was warm and charming, and they could both underplay it and still give me the range that I wanted.
But so saying.
Yeah, I still like what we ended up with.
Yeah.
And I do have to wonder, you know, given in year two, when Tony Anholt comes along and Martin Landau speaks very highly of him, I wonder if Martin Landau was concerned about hiring, well, had perceptions, about hiring people based on looks instead of acting talent.
Yeah, I should say that.
Yeah, and you know, I'm not saying he's right in that, but I'm just trying to come up with why he would be okay with Tony Ann Holt and Nick Tate, but not.
Well, he didn't consider Nick Tate nor Tony to be as attractive as, or a threat.
And it's mostly because of their height.
Oh, okay, that makes that makes sense.
But Tony had, of course, been in Jerry and Sylvia's live action detective comedy spoof on the lines of the champions in the Avengers called the Protectors, which I think you can hear is the, you can hear it clanging as the dead.
What will breeze left?
But yeah, and there's Jerry right now.
But yeah, and I've not seen the protectors.
It's warm and fun, but it's got Robert Vaughan from Man from Uncle, who's definitely had a wee drinky poo in the teen years.
He's suffering from post from the late Conneries.
Yes. and Nari Dawn Porter, whom, of course, we own because she was almost an Avengers girl.
She was almost in doctor.
She was almost in everything.
She was always just a bit too good.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, there's that.
But, you know, maybe soon we'll be having lots of fun being spacey.
There's Christopher Penfold.
Um, talking about space stick and models and...
Matt, vanilla beige makeup.
I wearing it now, James.
Are doing this again?
I think we might.
I think we might, depending on listener response.
Okay, for the next 4 years.
Did you feel that then?
I do.
All right.
Well, unless Yes, I can.
Well, it'll last about as long as this from production to the broadcast of the last episode, so that works.
I really enjoyed it.
Also, that's only your 2nd time.
No, you've watched this before, have you?
I've watched this one before.
I have, but without the subtitles on, never having seen it before, incredibly drunk.
So this is the 2nd time.
Brilliant.
All right.
Well, if no one has any closing statements to make, I'm going to wind it up.
What do you think?
Yes.
Well, in that case, it just remains for me to say, until next time, remember that the safest way to dispose of nuclear waste is to eat it in large quantities.
Thank you very much for listening and good night.
Good night.
I'm doing it now.
And I'm loosening my corset at last.
You may lose your teeth.
Oh, yeah, yeah, it's a thing.
Nucleos.